and when I tell them yes, that I am a Bashkort
from Chelyabinsk, they say that they are
somewhere in Bashkortostan I say, Listen,
before the Russian Empire came, We
were neighboring peoples with the Kazakhs, and in
general the word Chelyabinsk is of Bashkir
origin, tr shlya da da tyur  yes yes
yes where are you from
Hello where are you from Chelyabinsk
you are this Tatar Bashkort Bashkir Bashkir ba
and where are you from How do you not often
meet such a person from here from the
Chelyabinsk region me yes my father
is from Chelyabinsk Well not
Chelyabinsk itself there is some village nearby  from
Chelyabinsk and he is a Bashkort and his mother is Russian
What are you talking about Wow It's funny that's why
I also when I tell many Russians that
I Well I consider myself a Bashkort on my father's side
when I tell them yes that I am a Bashkort
from Chelyabinsk they are like they are
somewhere there  Bashkortostan I say  Listen,
before the Russian Empire came We
were neighboring peoples with the Kazakhs Yes,
it was then that Lenin made a strip of the
Orenburg region Kurgan And so
on Yes, in order to separate Well,
in general, the word Chelyabinsk is of Bashkir
origin Well, La shlya da yur dada
da yur that's it  there everything is Turkic yes Sarah
I ask the Russians What does it mean
there Even the same there Mias for example yes
if you ask Yes I don't know what
Omsk means there yes What does the river
Or mean Something like this Yes everything is correct wow
you are some kind of savvy so to speak
Well  I well I'm isocha well how is this the history of my
people Yes I'm still Salavat Yulaev I
don't have here here but at home I'm at the office now It's
just that I've been living in the US for 18 years in 2
years
I have a portrait at home Well how is this not a
portrait this is  photo of Salavat
Yulaev on horseback where he is on the
monument he is so strong
Yes naga well he finished badly naturally
Of course as if for obvious
reasons
let's say there is
such a thing there are not many of you there  Barto Yes, there are
only a few of us left in the Chelyabinsk region, a
dying people. Well, yes, and now they
are sending all the Tatars, Bashkortostanis, and Dagestanis to die in Ukraine. Yes, for the
third month, in my opinion, Bashkartastan has been leading in terms of
deaths in the
SVO.
Yes, perhaps they are taking revenge on us for
defending
Kushtau. Well,  Kushtau yes damn it Kushtau I
watched Bashkor the coolest in Russia there were
no Russians playing for some
Kushtau really well for us it's a holy
mountain after all and they wanted to steal it for soda
eh mini Khanov Yes they they
developed two of these  to mine and there are still two
left Well, three let's say so and their people
decided to save them as if and that's why they left
Yes, here are the consequences Here they are
please Yes, well, Moscow has always
captured territories and
sent people from new territories
to die to conquer new
territories I  I think it's not just
that but also people
agree Unfortunately yes
So someone for money someone I wanted to
say that their action their  the actions
are motivated because they
changed the top
there, that's where they are in
Ukraine, that is, they changed the
management and now the new management
says that it's not yours, but mine is where
What What O is being squeezed out there,
so everything that is there,
arable land, factories, all assets
large
infrastructure Now they say that
this is ours this belongs to us
here Although of course this is not true I do not
understand What do people from Bashkortostan have to do with it I
cannot understand that they have changed in Ukraine there at the
top No I am talking about the actions of
Moscow No no no I am talking about the actions of Moscow
that they attacked because  that they changed the
top there and the new top says that now It's
not yours But ours And what was there
Russian is good Russian Good
question but it's not that it's Russian it's
post-Soviet that is any major
infrastructure project of Ukraine including
an aircraft factory and various tractor factories
in general everything that is there  this is a
post-Soviet legacy and they live on this and the
key pa is post-Soviet but
it was not Russian Well it Look I
as far as I know In the ninety-first year
yes the whole Republic it
was Ukrainian What does it have to do with it
Russia, what I can't understand is that no, it wasn't Russian, it wasn't, but it was built in Soviet times and they weren't given it so that they could change the top and the new top would say, Now you won't interact with this or I wanted to continue, Kyiv's key partner is this Moscow is 89 percent trading or something and that is, everything that Kyiv sells is only to Moscow And now he came and said Now this is not yours now this is mine that is, through changes through a change in the management of the administration they take it away but no matter how it was done so that they could just take it away like that, that is, there is some kind of complex scheme, and why do people go to fight for it? It is not complex, it is real, it happens in general, it is just not everywhere. Yes, but it often happens, as it were. That is, you cannot just say where- then go in and by shaking up some political situation you can change the government force people to change it simply and the new one will already say that this plant is not yours guys But here are the uncles of this one and now this uncle will decide Where to sell with whom to work and that's all the rest of the things are the most in Ukraine I just don't  I am completely versed in these Ukrainian realities Yes, I live in the USA, what is there Which plant was taken from whom after the fourteenth year and To whom was it given there now at the moment everything has been sold, that is, Now if earlier it belonged to some local people, some Let it be they were some kind of about yes set up about Moscow about Kyiv some kind of In short about that now they are no longer there that is now there are some only here Western owners of assets who manage this That is they bought it completely with giblets That's who you are work if something like an accountant programmer how much is the salary there Now in your Chelyabinsk region I think that in the region of 70,000 probably like 700 dollars an interesting question it turns out that people who live in the Russian Federation where we have oil gas gold diamonds we sell to the whole world it's so scary here in California the homeless get more money many people are unhappy with this and it's a reasonable question motivated unhappy even with the fact that Abkhazia was given electricity
beu yes that is this is an isolated example
in fact Russia has a lot of things to someone
like Turkmenistan
yes yes yes yes And so like this is of
course a very reasonable question because
well we have our own like difficulties Yes
especially in the regions That is  our
power grids are also cracking, conditionally the pipes are leaking,
you understand, no one is repairing, no one is
coming. And how is that
possible? These are the questions that
many people have. And so, its not a bother to come to Yalovo
adequately. I understand that in Simply, it
consists only of commercial gain, that
is, there are no  values neither in
Ukraine nor I with this I understood I
asked another question I asked the question why What do
you think Well, I come from Russia I am a
citizen of Russia yes well and America I have
two citizenships my parents live in
Russia also yes It turns out how it works out
that in our Russia there is oil gas
gold Yes, there is everything and in huge
quantities and people live like this Why does it
happen this is a very big question.
A lot of works have been written on this subject.
Here is one of them, the last book
for which they received the Nobel Prize
why some countries are rich A  other
poor cause of origin of power of
poverty  and wealth of the gift on ju mag and
Roberta Yes yes yes but look specifically
therefore I understand everything that's great and yes
specifically here con Casey I understand the book
well Russia Why people in Russia are in
trouble why here Lithuania Latvia Estonia
who were also in the Soviet Union they are
now richer  Why is the standard of living higher?
Why are salaries
higher? I also ask myself this question,
despite the fact that they dont have it. Even compared to
Ukraine, that is, Ukraine has a much
richer nature and Well, so why do
they
live richer? An excellent question.
I also ask myself this question, but
on  in fact the book answers this
question here is not a book And you
answer that the reason
is Well, in general, in the current
top However, in the example with the question with
Ukraine, the actions of the top partly did not
matter, it eats up this oil,
diamonds Well, what is happening Where
do all these go
money yes Well, many of them have dual
citizenship, they have assets in all sorts of
Dubais, that
is,
they are the Kings of
Life, some
oligarchs, can you name at least five
people who take all
this money Yes  who is to blame for the fact that
Russians live in poverty Well, we recently
discussed, literally speaking with in
short, on the stock exchange, we discussed
NGP five, I wont name Ill name
one now, uh, NGP owns
almost all of Energostroy with rare exceptions
- this is Deripaska Deripaska
once more Here  uh and so uh as if
naturally the disposal of these assets
will go to please the interests of the Armed Forces pop who
else Who else besides Deripaska or is it
Deripaska the Armed Forces
stole no for example speaking of Bashkiria
by the way speaking of Bashkiria there is a company
Well as it was and is this company is
Bashneft So so  well before that the
republic was ruled by a certain Murtaza Rakhimov he was
like that
I already have fingers
lyava come on so come on start from the
Federal level Yes
who dere paska once four more people
who grat I wonder what this is where I will
say my five Yes as a citizen of the
Russian Federation and you yours to me
just
interestingly my top five ends with
Oleg Vladimirovich des and rhi
like this  ok let's ask the question
directly it's a bit like a mop it's
scary to answer yes Usually How do you
think Vladimir Putin is responsible for the
fact that Russians live in poverty and he and
company steal all the wealth
just what does this have to do with the
conversation that is what does my relation
to the
conversation I  I say this is a mop question
very
e and also drain Here is Deripaska there is a debate
yes But here is Putin Putin Well the head of
state Putin and not Deripaska the head of
state Putin and also the Next
question Do you think that it is Putin Yes I
think that Putin is one of those Yes who
all is being divided up who needs to be changed wait
again once again no don't change don't
run away that is look Putin is the head of
state Putin is the guarantor of the Constitution
Putin has a vertical of power yes
he is his rule there since 2000
that's already 24 years yes it turns out that's
all the result  conversation from the level of
citizens' well-being, here is the result of
his rule, yes, it turns out that these
oligarchs are not stealing
something from him somewhere on the sly  Yes, this is all being done
under the umbrella of the state, it turns out
that Putin is the main one responsible for the
theft, it turns
out that only the
victims of these events are responsible, that is, here and also
Following the example of America I want to tell you
about Hunter
Biden Yes, we have Biden as a
corrupt official Yes, we have Biden as a
corrupt official I  I voted for Trump
because Biden and his
son Yes, Putin is corrupt
or not, excuse me, I refuse to believe
that
Joe Biden
is corrupt and Putin said about Putin,
well, I can say about I am a US citizen and I
can easily say about our president
Biden bark  I would also say
about him If I were a citizen of the USA And
about Putin, I am a
citizen other than the USA I am a citizen of Russia I
say Putin is corrupt You are a citizen of
Russia, you will say that Putin is corrupt
Yes, it's just that you are
somewhere very far away and
therefore  how do you think that
your illusory Freedom ends with
Biden simply and therefore that is wait did
I understand correctly you are hinting to me that
you are afraid of something  say about Putin
like this no I'm afraid to say something to you
that is to say to you personally not about anything
because of
course because this
question because this question is asked
Personally to me like this
and not about some kind of like Why
someone-  then he lives somewhere or yes that is,
they ask me That's why I'm
a little scared to answer a person on the
Internet so to speak why he is
interested in me because of
What How
good How good that I am from Russia I live in a
free
state it is it is
for Hunter  biden and not for you yes yes
yes But I can say Hunter Biden is
corrupt Joe Biden is corrupt I
can say to the current president of the
United States that he is
corrupt and nothing will happen to me
Look Biden is corrupt and nothing
will happen to me the FBI does not knock down
doors and does not  breaks in And you're afraid to
just say that Putin is corrupt you're
afraid yes simply Yes simply Biden
can't be
corrupt Biden is corrupt corrupt
there are corrupt officials in all states Yes the question is
how the state  reacts yes And you are
running away from the question why
Russians are afraid to admit that Putin
is robbing them and the company my mother my
mother works uh worked in a hospital as a
nurse Now in retirement she gets
18,000 rubles that's 180 dollars if I
didn't send her help from California yes I don't
know how  you can survive on this money
why is it somewhere in the region in
Volgograd Well yes this is region 1 18,000 rubles
well Moscow can live in luxury at least a little yes
And these I think I I apologize I think that
this is the average pension somewhere for here there is
less There is less Yes mom  she said that
her colleagues have less so question question
Why are you afraid to say My mother is not
afraid says Yes Putin stole my money
She is not afraid
she cannot influence anything but
at least she can admit it she Yes she can
speak publicly she
told her friends and  so they took interviews there
walked around the city it's like tiktok bloggers
Yes they approached grandma How do you think
like how much do you have  pension she says
18,600 She says Why is it so
small because Putin they
went on a drinking spree a little bit he is not afraid
about motivation it does not
bother you what does motivation mean
about these that they went there to attack
because they say that now it is not
yours forget about the war everything is mine  I am not interested
I am a citizen of Russia and the USA I am
not interested in Ukraine at all
My people I am half Russian
half
Bashkor my Bashkor Well they are closer to me yes they are
dying in Ukraine yes ru they are going Because Because
they are paid that is
so look Putin robbed them brought them to
and now he hires them for money and they are
still happy Putin you can't look the
most important thing you live like in a concentration camp
Because you are afraid there is no FSB officer next to you
And you are afraid to say the word
Putin you are just scared in your head
that someone will come and  ska in black Voronok
Yes you are afraid of this you are afraid in my
eyes
ra started when I started talking about this you are
afraid you are afraid you understand
recording  listen I'm recording a recording not a
recording maybe post me I'm not afraid of you
I have nothing to worry about I live in America
I don't give a damn about this
at all my mom is not afraid Volgograd
nothing recording post me some
Maybe there's a blogger or something whoever wants in
Volgograd  the situation in Volgograd the
situation is different if anything it does not
squeeze further Yes I say that Russia
is a prison of nations of people for it is different
specifically I want to tell Luda that the
situation in the Republic is very different
from Eh like other some regions of the
public you are in Chelyabinsk you are not this  Not
a republic Bastane well this Well this is in
Chelyabinsk you are not you are not in Bashkortostan
no need do not mix this is Chelyabinsk
region and Volgograd region this is not a
republic Chelyabinsk region
is adjacent to Bashkartastan is adjacent
but this is not Bashkartastan the situation in
Bashkortostan does not affect you you
live in Chelyabinsk region  Well, why are you
running away? It affects it, it affects it, it doesn't affect it, yes, yes
how do people go to sign this all of these
go to Moscow what does it mean it doesn't affect it
affects Why are you afraid why
tell me who instilled fear in you that if
you say the word Putin the doors will open and he will come in
there and take you this this
this this is not fear that  uh no
this this this is not fear That is it
is a
precaution and accordingly
of course that is and about
Hunter Biden I am ready to talk as much as
you like uh from some kind of this yes
sitting behind some kind of flag that is and uh
How  to talk about something else
I just don't understand why this is I understand it
all Now I understand it's not an explosion And the bang
is not fear - it's a precaution
I accepted everything I understood the motivation exactly and
accordingly it is true that not what the
person is telling me now  screen and
what the party said that is and only this
is the truth and everything that is well and the
rest of the Armed Forces are fictions that is
yes that is the Ministry of love is occupied by
war Ministry Well it is clear That's how it
looks Well at
least from the point of view  a reasonable
person and only in this way  it may
look like And nothing else,
that is, but I am still grateful to you
for persistently imposing some
other opinion That is because let there
be many opinions let there be many
voices and pluralism, so to speak,
this is very important That is why publicity is
important in covering issues That is precisely in
in the whole democratic world glasnost And in
Russia
According to in the democratic world maybe
glasnost is represented somewhere locally
maybe
something like this but otherwise of course in
general regarding I would
recommend reading this book to be
honest that's where I read it in
English so far  it hasn't been translated into Russian yet,
so it explains why
this is happening and so on
regarding inclusiveness. Yes,
I'm asking you specifically about Russia because each
specific model in a specific
historical period on a historical
territory, yes, it has specific
performers, specific ones, embodied in
specific individuals, that's
it. No.  no no you are scared you are scared in
other words they don't change
in you
take precautions let's say rubber products Yes
so all Russians they just
pulled these rubber products on themselves
tied them up and walk around like
that It's just your opinion So what
because because the objective
picture is visible only my opinion because
I am a free person and can
express my opinion I have a
real God-given gift to speak my
opinion and defend it on
the Internet to random interlocutors
there is Let's say this, what are
your feelings after our conversation
anxiety there
fear
ambiguous
here ambiguous
mainly due to the fact that I don't really
understand why you need this that is you will
never be affected by it no matter what you do from
California That is if
you were not indifferent to the fate of these
people or something else  you would of course
be here and do what you
can but you can't do it you are
only concerned about your own fate
here is your well-being your wallet in the
end your family you are an ordinary
person uninteresting as if in this
sense that is from the point of view of will or
spirit You You are as if somewhere in the
milk of these questions
only for the reason that you are
there Here you are completely and on people and so
on That is, as if completely completely that
is because you have not done anything for
this You only
you don't say this randomly to your interlocutor  came here and
did nothing you left
here that's why what kind of love What kind of
love do you have for people TM I don't I'm not
passive I first of all I support
financially the Russian volunteer corps
which you
support there is a company fighting on the territory of
Ukraine the Bashkort company there is such a
created  Yes, from our Bashkorto I
fully support helped with my
equipment drones were given to them too and
trained came came personally to
Ukraine I came to Ukraine this summer
Yes was in training camps I lead not
just yes I will tell more Ukrainians
gave me this
book it is called  - Ukrainian Now the
state is not possible
instruction Shmatov Russia this in Russian it
turns out instruction on the division of
Russia here is a rather interesting book our
American Buga has
not met here in the USA Yes Ukrainians have already
Well done translated and read really
read how everything you did will affect
what-  that will affect Well, look, first of all, there are
more dead Russians, more dead
Russians who came to war. That's how
this will help you, yes, I'll explain.  it will be
more and more shaky Russian
Federation and the Kremlin regime I plan
Yes I go here we
have a
special department under the Republican Party for people
from different countries people for example from I
explain Wait from Russia I am from the
Russian Federation there are from Syria from
others which in  in principle they are preparing after
the overthrow of the Kremlin
regime, let's say, when the young Republics
will be independent, Bashkar-Tatarstan,
Tatarstan, Chechnya. And so on,
the question of management personnel will immediately arise,
naturally, for the first five years there they
will be under external control, there will
also be peacekeeping troops, so that there
won't be any, let's say
civil wars And so on and so forth yes
I'm a little bit in Klin with a
small remark And are you sure that you are needed here
in Your your some kind of administration Are
you sure that local people need this
Yes I'm explaining The fact is that local
people will need it in  this transition
period is also like look the
Soviet Union collapsed yes the Americans uh under the
leadership of America there were transitional
governments in different republics
helped them yes they helped constitutionally
helped uh goods helped  to
do lawmaking and helped with
some other things as well as But in
Bashkartastan the first 5 years why do the
Bashkirs need your management why I
will explain I will explain so that there
are no conflicts Yes there were no conflicts with the
Tatars Yes there were no conflicts with Maritsa
Yes he didn't come  some
new Dictator, let's say, so that right
now he will be a little king
Democratic institutions
will be created elections will be held
Yes, social lifts will be created and then
everything will go normally and with this
program That is, this has been done over the
last 100  years America where Lithuania
Latvia Estonia Ukraine
Armenia Azerbaijan all post-Soviet countries all the
same what
Ukraine photos there the Soviet Union
was destroyed and everything is like normal everything is done
Ukraine lived peacefully until Russia
attacked so now yes it will be because
they are squeezing out assets so this is the third
stage of collapse  The Russian Empire will be
such that Russia will remain very
small
in the Vologda region, Kostroma,
Moscow, Tver, that's small Yes, St.
Petersburg will be separate, the Caucasus  separately
Krasnodar separately Siberia separately
Far East separately national
Republics separately this Look this is already
predetermined for us at least in the
republic then there are no successful cases
republic look in the
Republican Party it was clearly the
Democrats of these 5 years if Trump had been
in power for 5 years like Joe  biden
Russia would have been long gone biden Just
who only thought for his son for
Hunter Biden Yes, how can it be
Wait about
now Mr. Donald Yes will take everything into
his own hands and Russia, you'll see when
Trump's inauguration is on the twenty-first,
you'll see what the rhetoric will be, so here
the point is not whether you want it or
not now Yes, you don't decide anything in Russia You
don't decide anything Yes, that's why no one
will ask you, that is, of course, you
Absolutely right, we are for you Well, like us I
didn't really decide either Yes, they decided higher there
people in offices I say I help
this process Why why even believe
in the absence of successful cases you Look at
you nobody you don't need to believe
Nobody will ask you nobody will
ask your name By
the way, it doesn't matter Why should I
ask you look Dude,
you're from
Chelyabinsk Step aside now
as they see fit yeah And then
you'll play in your sandbox you're
nothing people nobody will  ask
you people Now no one is asking and
then no one will ask They will put in place
look they will put in place a person who will say
that he will lead this republic
during the transition period What is the meaning of this
and how is it different from a dictator if he
will not ask e time I go
transition period 5  years to
build you a democracy van nito not because
it is impossible it is impossible Look You can't You can't m you
can't yes yes you need to teach first to be
free 5 years 5 years will be carried out
the program of nization Yes desla visa nothing
happened earlier and you are a person who is
afraid to say your name who  afraid to
say something about Putin Yes, you will
rise up to
write Yes, there will be bloggers there
will be political parties yes, you will have them
and you will
rise up as a
free man and when  in 5 years it's
like a university you have to go there for 5 years
to get a diploma grades Yes and
then you can work like that and here they
will try to make a citizen out of you it's not a fact that
it will work It's not a fact there are people so
ossified
We have cases Yes in the republics of the
former USSR Yes  some in Ukraine and in
Estonia Dasha still has
grandparents who still Still
understand and now really Yes and we
make citizens and America brings America
brings light America is the greatest
power the most democratic power the
most progressive
power watch kosso  with America the oceans are
being developed America
Russia deficit America you are a small
man in the Chelyabinsk region you
don't mean anything in your region Well it
turned out that way you are not to blame for this you are
not to
blame we have no claims against you you are
like this you are like this for example
there is a
commandment wait you don't have to you
don't have to believe anything you T nothing Nothing
Nobody wants you to be
squeezed don't want your support nobody
needs you you won't influence anything no
look if you didn't need it  my
support you shouldn't have asked
if that one is corrupt Tell me not
support your need I was interested in
how you think because I argued we
had debates on the Karl Popper method
last week and I said that
in Russia there are almost no people who are there
John from  he
said no to the democratic party that they need to be
educated there they will rise up rebel no and
that's why I'm asking I'm checking my hypothesis
look you don't need to be
convinced you don't influence anything
If we wanted you to go to the
elections and vote we would
convince you  if we wanted you to get up, so that
you get up, wait, so that you get up and
half the Kremlin, we would influence you. You
can't do anything, what do you need from you?
Just sit, do your
accounting, go to work, go to school,
eat, sleep, and that's it. We influence America.  influences
America will do everything Yes international
institutions he everything You are not needed in this
scheme you are not needed in this scheme you In
history in the historical process Look
here it is long Yes you are just small  a
period of time that exists somewhere and is
no longer there And so look what you
are what you are not will something
change in the
world everything will not change
You are not a subject of this world you
are an object objects are taken and
played with like pawns  so so so we will put everything
go to the
factory you go there for example You go
because
Georgians because Georgians elect Yes you can with
them
Georgians they are citizens they Yes they vote
for that or another party and therefore you can work with them
those
sew you for yourself Closed in your own
Chelyabinsk region and will be
for Pony
and Russia will be wounded Chelyabinsk
region will be divided between Bashta and
Kazakhstan
there is a project Kuvandyk corridor
look this is already being discussed seriously and
with Erdogan Erdogan also supported the
creation of the so-called Kuvandyk
corridor Yes uh layers of Russian
regions between the Turkic peoples Bashkor
Tami and Kazakhs  there will be no more
Chelyabinsk region will go under
Kazakhstan and  under Bashkartastan Bashkort
will find their historical historical
neighborhood with the Kazakhs with their
relatives and the Kazakhs
will lend a helping hand to the Turkic people
Bashkor Tamm because what Because
it is don't interrupt elders don't interrupt
elders so that's how the Kazakhs Kazakhs I don't want
to listen to a monologue like about Well you  object
if you were a subject we could
make a dialogue two subjects if you are an
object you do not influence anything You
can do nothing so Listen heed these
words look Imagine that they are
divine providence that speaks into
you they can Maybe yes they will make your
life not  such a languid you still won't
influence anything Yes but you will at least
feel this drop of the
divine that entered you
illuminated your dark soul and gave it
showed the light at the end of the tunnel and more than
that I will
say I will say that people
They are born with bright
but  in the process of their education If they were
educated they have this soul it is like
a candle you were born even a wick  And you blew it out, you do
n't need to burn. Just be
paraffin, just such a cylindrical
similar paraffin and that's it, and these
thousands of millions of candles cost, they don't gel
strongly, which can light others with its flame.
Yes, he lights this candle,
he lights another candle, a third, and these
candles begin to burn and  light drives away
darkness because darkness is afraid that
candles will light not all candles will light
there are candles that because
they haven't been lit for a long time they have already crumbled gone out
frozen their wick has rotted
some flies have eaten it Yes bugs they melt everything
this candle doesn't  it will burn but there are candles
that will light there are candles that will
warm with their heat
this will
brighten up the Salavat Yulaev Great
Batyr of our people and fire We remember
how the Bashkor cavalry drove Napoleon
which the Russians appropriated for themselves Yes the
Russians ran away at Borodino burned
Moscow and the Bashkorts and Kazakhs drove Napoleon then our glorious ancestors held the Mongols our glorious ancestors yes they went on a campaign against Rus' and I'll tell you what we will make the Great Turan Kazakhs Bashkors Tatars other Turkic peoples we will gather together and take back what is rightfully ours Yes, among our people there are candles that have gone out and you are that candle that has gone out and I have no doubt that you can be lit Yes, your wick is already very short, it is very short and it is impossible to light it, but you are a candle that will not burn and watch others burn Yes, you you will be warmed by their heat Yes, you will melt from their heat from their fire but you will not tan But your wax will melt and become an element for making other candles you will sacrifice yourself to the new Bashkortostan of the new Great Nation that will rise from the ashes like a Phoenix like a phoenix bird it will rise and return to itself  Chelyabinsk region will share
it with the Kazakhs as a historical
territory Omsk region also yes
Kurgan and will live peacefully and
happily
Amen being like
this like subscribe
comment write on y Telegram right now axis
VN and
pok ce very and very important YouTube is busy with
us through scarg Orcs in your ban  and very
many videos are not shown to people at times do not
show information about streams To that in order for
us to Mali operational links ppi
right now and while there in telegram okm
videos there is also interesting and useful information
and we owe you constant
operational links
independently in that  show you the process
YouTube Slava ukraini letter
with